# asanajsonprinter
Browser-based tool to convert JSON-output of Asana projects into an easy to print HTML table

## Purpose 
The purpose of this tool is to overcome the limited printing capabilities of Asana. It uses JSON export data generated by Asana and converts it into a HTML table that can be printed or copied to other software (e.g. E-Mail, Word).

## This is a hobby project
As this is a hobby project, don't expect too much and use it at your own risk. :-)

## How to install and use it
Download the latest version from github. Goto https://github.com/tillersen/asanajsonprinter/releases, scroll to the latest release and download the file named 'source code'. It's a html project so there are no binaries or exe-files or setup-files. Copy the whole pack of files into a directory of choice. Then open the asanajsonprinter.html file in an up-to-date browser. 

## Technical stuff
The tool is a browser-based software using standard web techniques (HTML5, JavaScript, CSS). The tool is completely client-sided and no data exchange with Asana or other external servers or services happens. The tool is in a state where it can be used in daily work life. The tool requires an up-to-date web browser like Chrome 63, IE11, Firefox 57 because of HTML5 techniques used.

## How to use this tool with Asana?
Asanajsonprinter is a helper tool for users of the cloud-based Asana task management software. Up to now (01/2018) Asana is lacking proper printing functionality for project task lists. Asanajsonprinter converts JSON-Code produced by Asana's export function into nice looking and easy to print tables. You can either read in a existing JSON file from you local device or just copy and paste the freshly produced JSON code.
* Open your project in Asana
* Click on the chevron-down sign next to the project title. The project menu opens. 
* Select Export/Print > JSON. A new window/tab will open with the task list coded in JSON format.
* You can safe that file and load it in the tool or just copy and paste it in the text-box.
* Choose some options as you like 
* Press convert. The output table is generated
* Enjoy, You can now copy the table into office files, e-mails or ust print it
